The mod adds two sets of tools that allow the player to replace towers with others.

The first set of tools consists of tool "Tower Type Picker Tool" and tool "Replace All Selected Towers with Picked Tower Type".

The "Tower Type Picker Tool" tool allows the player to select the type of tower that other towers will be replaced with when using the "Replace All Selected Towers with Picked Tower Type" tool.

The "Replace All Selected Towers with Picked Tower Type" tool allows the player to select an area, and all towers in that area will be replaced by towers of the selected type.

It is necessary that the type of tower to replace is selected when using the "Replace All Selected Towers with Picked Tower Type" tool.
A warning will be displayed if the tower type is not selected.



The second set of tools consists of four tools:
- Tower Type 1 Picker Tool
- Tower Type 2 Picker Tool
- Replace Selected Towers Type 1 with Type 2
- Replace Selected Towers Type 2 with Type 1

Tools "Tower Type 1 Picker Tool" and "Tower Type 2 Picker Tool" allow the player to select tower Type 1 and tower Type 2.

The "Replace Selected Towers Type 1 with Type 2" tool allows the player to select an area, and all Type 1 towers in that area will be replaced by Type 2 towers.

On the contrary, the "Replace Selected Towers Type 2 with Type 1" tool allows the player to select an area, and all Type 2 towers in that area will be replaced by Type 1 towers.

It is necessary that tower Type 1 and tower Type 2 are selected when using tools "Replace Selected Towers Type 1 with Type 2" and "Replace Selected Towers Type 2 with Type 1".
A warning will be displayed if tower Type 1 or tower Type 2 is not selected.

Tools only replace towers of the same base size.
A tower of size 1 by 1 cannot be replaced with a tower of size 2 by 2.
A tower of size 2 by 2 cannot be replaced with a tower of size 1 by 1.



The tower is replaced with the same level or a lower available level.

The mod will not conflict with any other mods as all files in this mod are new.

New tools will appear in the new game and in saves.

Localizations:
- English
- Russian